[direnv] use new TF bucket prefix method (#402)
cloudposse/geodesic: docs/design.md

* `/etc/motd` is the current "Message of the Day"
* `/mnt/local` is where we house the local state (like your temporary AWS credentials)
* `/mnt/remote` is where we mount the S3 bucket for cluster state; these files are never written to disk and only kept in memory for security

> * `/conf` is where all module configuration is stored. Directory names are mapped directly to a bucket prefix, including subdirectories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `/conf` is where all configurations belong. For example, stick your terraform module invocations in this directory. When using `terraform`, the directory names are mapped directly to a bucket prefix for terraform state which including subdirectories (e.g. `/conf/us-west-2/vpc` will map to a state folder prefix of 'us-west-2/vpc`).
```

Author: thanks, clearer & with an example - added

> * `/conf` is where all configurations belong. For example, stick your terraform module invocations in this directory. When using `terraform`, the directory names are mapped directly to a bucket prefix for terraform state which include subdirectories (e.g. `/conf/us-west-2/vpc` will map to a state folder prefix of 'us-west-2/vpc`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `/conf` is where all configurations belong. For example, stick your terraform module invocations in this directory. When using `terraform`, the directory names are mapped directly to a bucket prefix for terraform state which include subdirectories (e.g. `/conf/us-west-2/vpc` will map to a state folder prefix of `us-west-2/vpc`).
```
